Offline repo: "Compare via RFC" feature (#4789)
abapGit/abapGit: docs/guide-import-rfc.md

---
title: Import ZIP
category: offline projects
order: 25
---

For offline repositories, you can import a package with all objects supported by abapGit via an RFC connection from another SAP system. This is a shortcut for doing
"Export ZIP" in one system, and "Import ZIP" in the other.

Pre-requisites:

- abapGit Developer Version is installed on remote SAP system
- Same package names on both systems
- Authorizations to run RFC function Z_ABAPGIT_SERIALIZE_PACKAGE and abapGit serialization process on remote system

Note:

> The general recommendation is to use **online** repositories and a git server for comparing and synchronizing systems.

Reviewer: If we add something like

"do not add RFC connections between system tiers", "do not create RFC users with wide authorizations"

I think this can be merged

> The general recommendation is to use **online** repositories and a Git server for comparing and synchronizing systems. We do not recommend to create RFC destinations between systems within the transport path bypass a Git repository or create RFC users with wide authorizations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general recommendation is to use **online** repositories and a Git server for comparing and synchronizing systems. We do not recommend to create RFC destinations between different tier systems or creating RFC users with wide authorizations. 
```
